this is my modified crucial since Don
thousand as many of you guys know this
is this nitro engine in it but I
modified it so I'm just going to show
you what I've done let's take a peek
okay I some of you might frown upon this
but you know it's just a work in
progress to be honest what I've done is
I've put the motor is a brushless motor
of course it's called a b-36 774 15 XL
it's a kv 1100 so with the batteries
there are six cells 5,000 milliamps each
so you know should last a little while
and the s core speed controller is a
turnigy 120 and has also orders on this
one but you know problem oakley you so
much I've used the standard box and use
the same servo as you can see I'm using
2.4 g hurts now so it's a short antenna
it's pretty much the same I don't know
if you can see this but the cooling here
I don't know if this is wide enough in
this calling is just about I don't know
still over two and a half centimeters or
about an inch more than an inch also
what I've done this I've as you can see
this is kind of noobish
but you know it works it's it's pretty
rigid so it's it's supposed to you
should you know not break hopefully
we'll see I stopped in tested yet reason
why I put in this box is because the esk
is somewhat expensive so you know if
anything you know if if the boat tips
over i can probably save risk hopefully
and also the batteries are just a used
well crow just to fasten them and in a
plastic bag just you know if anything
happens so i don't know if you guys have
done this before but I'm really looking
forward to this and we'll see how it
goes so if you have any questions just
you know asking i'm going to try and
answer it as best as I can okay see you